readme.md, before:

# Med Log
## What does it do
For now, MedLog will log to Azure's Blob Storage, allowing you to log events from the frontend as well.
## Usage
### Init
MedLog can be initialize in the following ways:
 - Shared key credentials:
	 - storagename and storagekey is required.
 - Sas token:
	 - Minimum sas token requirements: Blob service, Object resource type, Write permission.

For shared key creds, initializing works as follows:  

	import { AzureSharedKey, info, init } from 'med-log';
	let az: AzureSharedKey = new AzureSharedKey(
		{storagename},
		{sharedkey},
		{origin},
		{logging container - defaults to 'log'}
	);

	init(az);
### Log
Currently, 3 levels of logging is supported, those 3 being **INFO**, **WARN** and **ERROR**.
Example log to **INFO**:

	await info("This is a log to my 'log' container in azure storage");
Awaiting the call isn't necessary, it just returns a boolean, stating whether it succeeded or not.
## Security
Please do use CORS to only allow domains that you wish to be able to access your azure storage account. 
## Future
- Ability to log both to the console and to Azure at the same time.
- Support for other clouds
- Logged in user messages

Commit message:

test folders added, not populated, todo & readme updated, need to look at types for vue plugin, and to do testing

readme.md, after:

# Med Log
## What does it do
For now, MedLog will log to Azure's Blob Storage, allowing you to log events from the frontend as well.
## Usage
### Init
MedLog can be initialize in the following ways:
 - Shared key credentials:
	 - storagename and storagekey is required.
 - Sas token:
	 - Minimum sas token requirements: Blob service, Object resource type, Write permission.

For shared key creds, initializing works as follows:  

	import { AzureSharedKey, info, init } from 'med-log';
	let az: AzureSharedKey = new AzureSharedKey(
		{storagename},
		{sharedkey},
		{origin},
		{logging container - defaults to 'log'}
	);

	init(az);
### Vue
AzureSharedKey is NOT supported when used as a Vue plugin.

### Log
Currently, 3 levels of logging is supported, those 3 being **INFO**, **WARN** and **ERROR**.
Example log to **INFO**:

	await info("This is a log to my 'log' container in azure storage");
Awaiting the call isn't necessary, it just returns a boolean, stating whether it succeeded or not.
## Security
Please do use CORS to only allow domains that you wish to be able to access your azure storage account. 
## Future
- Ability to log both to the console and to Azure at the same time.
- Support for other clouds
- Logged in user messages
